March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/university-of-salerno.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (Dept. Chemistry and Biology "A. Zambelli" - University of Salerno)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Dept. Chemistry and Biology "A. Zambelli" - University of Salerno'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Dept. Chemistry and Biology "A. Zambelli" - University of Salerno, Italy'
```
